60East Technologies AMPS - Advanced Message Processing System

This README file explains how to set up AMPS and verify that it has been
configured properly. 

Prerequisites
-------------
The AMPS server is built for 64-bit Linux (kernel 2.6 or greater) on x86-64
compatible processors.

What is AMPS?
-------------
AMPS is a high performance messaging system with support for assorted message
formats. AMPS has been designed to be a high-throughput, low-latency system
with enterprise-class stability which will keep your messages flowing fast to
all of your data sources. In addition to the speed and stability that AMPS
provides, AMPS includes support for topic- and content-based filtering to
guarantee that you only receive the messages you are interested in.  AMPS also
provides a State of the World (SOW) which acts like a topic-based last-value
cache, so that starting a subscription in AMPS doesn't only deliver the
messages you want to see, it lets you know the state of the subscription that
you're initiating.

AMPS includes an extensive suite of message processing capabilities that make
it easy to use AMPS to develop robust, high-performance applications. The
AMPS User Guide, included in this distribution, describes the features of
AMPS and gets you started.

Configuration and Startup
-------------------------
The following directories are included in your AMPS installation:

bin     - location of binary executables (e.g. 'ampServer')
docs    - documentation
lib     - the libraries for the ampServer executable and example programs
README  - this file
LICENSE - 60East AMPS license file

In this README file, these conventions are used to denote locations:

   $AMPS_INSTALL - the install location of AMPS server

Getting Started: 
      AMPS can generate a sample configuration file with the following
      command:
      
      $AMPS_INSTALL/bin/ampServer --sample-config > config.xml

      Then, start the AMPS service using the following command, which 
      uses the configuration file just generated: 

      $AMPS_INSTALL/bin/ampServer config.xml

Output: If you see the following message, you have successfully started AMPS. 

   [1] info: 00-0015 AMPS initialization completed (0 seconds).

   Troubleshooting: If you see the message, "Error: /proc/sys/fs/file-max 
      is set less than the minimum of 262144" then the file-max size needs 
      to be increased. The recommended value is 2097152. To set the value, 
      enter the following command as root, where the number is the file-max 
      size to use.

      echo 2097152 > /proc/sys/fs/file-max

      To verify that file-max size has been set correctly, type the following 
      command:

      cat /proc/sys/fs/file-max

Note: The sample configuration file will start AMPS and require the
      use of port 9007 and port 8085. If either of these ports are already in
      use, then modify the configuration file and restart AMPS.

Documentation
-------------
The AMPS User Guide is an excellent resource for getting familiar with AMPS
commands, the message syntax, and how to administer an AMPS instance.  The User
Guide is located in the $AMPS_INSTALL/doc directory.

Complete documentation for AMPS is available online at
http://docs.crankuptheamps.com/. 60East updates and expands the documentation
on an ongoing basis, and posts the current documentation online.

After getting your own AMPS installed, the next step is to visit the AMPS API 
Developer Guide for the programming language of your choice at:
http://www.crankuptheamps.com/develop/.

Once you download a client API, you'll be able to leverage the rich feature
set within AMPS from your own applications.

Contact Us
----------
If you have questions about how to get started using AMPS, please send us an
email at support@crankuptheamps.com.

Thank you for the interest in AMPS!

